Location: An end point of hyperspace turbulence in the edge Sector, roughly northeast of the core Sector
Date: 178.09.17

You and your crew have been dormant in this dead place for three months and four days. Against the deep background of hyperspace, this elegant dreadnought with low visualization is no different from an ordinary hyperspace wreckage - provided that you strictly abide by the lighting control and volume control - of course, this is not something to worry about, after all, you have been preparing for this operation for a long time.

You still remember when the higher authorities approached you about this operation. At that time, there was not such a powerful ship specially designed for this, nor was there such a group of well-trained warriors who were just waiting for this day to come, but you still devoted yourself to the training and action planning with complete enthusiasm and experience - after all, after that disaster, you had nothing to worry about.

After that, the plan proceeds step by step. The ship is in place - a fast and deadly dreadnought, said to be designed for breaking diplomatic relations, but in fact it is almost tailor-made for this operation; newcomers have joined - they are all the best of the new generation, full of honor and enthusiasm, vowing to eliminate those culprits who destroyed their homeland. You still remember the arduous training you went through, whether it was high-G force extreme training, various professional technical training, tactical command training under extreme conditions, as well as unshakable daily physical training and housekeeping that was so strict that it was almost inhumane. You and you both persisted, whether it was honor or hatred that supported you. There is no doubt that you and your crew are the best in your own right.

Your thoughts are interrupted by the arrival of the correspondent. His sign language indicated that the radar officer had tracked the appearance of the suspected target fleet with a confidence level of 95% and an accuracy of 0.1%. You think this is enough to support your judgment. Then the first words spoken by a human on this dreadnought ship in the past three months and four days rang out from the bridge: "The entire ship is on level one combat readiness. Let those left-path criminals pay the price."

